
Our Terms of Use are an important agreement we make with you about our Service, outlining
our commitments to you and what is and isn't allowed.

Under the Terms of User, everyone on the ZhiYuMarc Social Network is prohibited from doing
the following:

a) Being deceptive, or doing anything unlawful, misleading or fraudulent, or violating someone
else's rights (including using their content without permission).
b) Violating our Community Guidelines, which prohibit things like spam, harassment and nudity.
c) Using a domain or URL in your username.
d) Interfering with how the site operates. For example, sending malware.

What do our Community Guidelines cover?

1) Intellectual Property: Making sure you have the rights to post the content you share.

2) Appropriate Imagery: We don't allow nudity on our Social Network.

3) Spam: This is not allowed on our Social Network (creating or submitting unwanted email,
comments, likes or other forms of commercial or harassing communications).

4) Illegal Content: We don't allow support or praise of terrorism, organized crime or hate
groups on our Social Network. Offering sexual services and selling firearms and drugs are
also prohibited.

5) Hate Speech, Bullying and Abuse: We remove credible threats of violence, hate speech and
the targeting of private individuals. We do not allow attacks or abuse based on ethnicity,
race, national origin, sex, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religion, disease
or disability.

6) Self-Injury: We do not allow glorification or encouragement of self-injury, including eating
disorders.

7) Graphic Violence: Graphic violence is not allowed and we may remove videos or images of intense,
graphic violence to make sure that our Social Network stays appropriate for everyone. If shared
in relation to important and newsworthy events, and this imagery is shared to condemn or raise
awareness and educate, it may be allowed.

What can you do to get unbanned?

Talk with the responsables for the Social Network from Universitat Pompeu Fabra sending an email 
to one of these addresses:

- Marc Bosch Manzano: marc.bosch03@estudiant.upf.edu
- Yuxiang Jiang: yuxiang.jiang01@estudiant.upf.edu
- Zhiyuan Lai: zhiyuan.lai01@estudiant.upf.edu

Thank you for reading our Terms of Use!